Okay, so we're going to talk about Godzilla today.
Yeah. So, tell me which one is your one of your favorite Godzilla movies
for now? Godzilla not minus one.
The first one? The zero one?
Oh, that?
Wait, you're talking about negative one?
Oh. Minus one, not a negative one.
So, Minus One... Yeah.
Yeah. Shin Godzilla was good. Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I like the Shin Godzilla when they split this mouth into three.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, so, so, so.
That time, I think that's my one of my favorite Godzilla like doing those
spitting out the fire. With the smoke to the fire.
and atomic beam yeah yeah yeah.
Oh, Yes. Okay.
Yeah, yeah. Biollante. Yeah. yeah, yeah, yeah.
So Biollante is the enemy of Godzilla. Yeah.
Yeah. Biollante was good?
Wait, which which movie the Biollante came out which a...
1980?
Wait, wait.
So...
Also the Biollante never came out of any recent movie of Godzilla?
Oh. Okay, okay.
So it only came out once?
Biollante? Oh... Okay, okay.
So, that was the main movie of God- Godzilla and Biollante. That was the title
of the movie? Aaahhh....
Oh. Okay, okay. It was very good? Did you see that movie?
You've never seen the movie but you know.
It goes roar. Yeah. Yeah.
Okay... Do you think that'll be good enough? Yeah? Okay.
Final wars!
I never heard that before.
Who, who is Monster X?
Skeleton but that's isn't that the Godzilla versus Kong?
That's where the second skeleton, oh that's Mechagodzilla came out.
It looks like a zebra? Oh. Okay.
Aah.
Yeah. What, what year was that made? 2004?
Wow that's almost 20 years ago. Okay, okay.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Shin Godzilla.
Oh, that's why the lizard lizard looking lizard...
Muto. But I think that where the lizard came out, lizard  God- looking Godzilla came out?
1980?
What time?
What time? 1988? That's where the Hollywood Godzilla came out?
But the...
2014?
Oh, Muto with the like a spider-looking guy? Spider-looking one that...
Oh, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Remember that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Spider. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's like a... the Hollywood?
That one. Yeah.
Ginga Monsters.
Oh, so it... So that...
It's all connected. It's all connected for the last a Kong and all that.
Because the what's the what's the monarch?
So, so that's where the monarch started getting war?
But Mu, but MUTO was, I mean, what's that? It's still there?
The Monaco is still there?
for the Godzilla versus Kong.
Right? so because they're saying that that that of the monarch could still come out.
And then the girl too.
Yeah, yeah, he didn't come out for the last one? Yeah. The Muto.
Oh, That's the one who made the... um... what's it called? They made an orca?
Oh, I thought they make the Mechagodzilla.
Oh.
So... so Monarch was the uh...
Okay.